Add the BBE link in the module file (#22575)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/xslt/src/main/ballerina/src/xslt/Module.md

This module provides a function to transform the XML content to another XML/HTML/plain text using XSL transformations.

> For information on the operation, which you can perform with this module, see the below Function. For examples on the usage of the operation, see the [XSLT Transformation Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/xslt-transformation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on the operation, which you can perform with this module, see the below **Functions**. For examples on the usage of the operations, see the [XSLT Transformation Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/xslt-transformation.html).
```

> For information on the operation, which you can perform with this module, see the below **Functions**. For examples on the usage of the operations, see the [XSLT Transformation Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/xslt-transformation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on the operations, which you can perform with this module, see the below **Functions**. For examples on the usage of the operations, see the [XSLT Transformation Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/xslt-transformation.html).
```
